There's somebody out there for everybody .  You just have to wait for god to bring him into your life .  每个人都注定要遇到那个异常的人 . 你要做的就是等待老天将他带到你的身边 . 
In love folly is always sweet . 恋爱中  , 干傻事总是让人感到十分美妙 . 
The less you worry about what people think  ,  the less plicated life bees . 你越不在乎别人的看法  , 生活就会变得越简单 . 
There's only two times I want to be with you---now and forever . 我仅有两个时光想和你在一齐  , 此刻和永远 . 
I was waiting for your attention till my heart says no . 等待你的关心  , 等到我关上了心 . 
There's somebody out there for everybody .  You just have to wait for god to bring him into your life . 每个人都注定要遇到那个异常的人 . 你要做的就是等待老天将他带到你的身边 . 
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love  ,  and to let it e in . (Morrie Schwartz) 生命中最重要的事  , 就是学习如何付出爱  , 以及理解爱 .  
Got to lose  ,  is always better than never gets no more cuts . 得到了再失去  , 总是比从来就没有得到更伤人 . 
A ray of sunshine  ,  outline for you my all memory . 一缕阳光  , 勾勒出我对你所有的记忆  . 
The course of true love never did run smooth . 真诚的感情之路永不会是平坦的 . 
As we grow older  ,  it bees difficult to just believe .  It's not that we don't want to  ,  but too much has happened that we just can't . 当我们长大后  , 信任变得很难 . 不是我们不想相信  , 而是太多事发生以后  , 我们无法相信 .  
Everyone has a sad  ,  want to hide but he who denies all confesses all . 每个人都有一段悲伤  , 想隐藏却欲盖弥彰 . 
The person who can make you feel better is also the reason why you cry .  . 能让你好起来的那个人通常也是那个让你哭的人 . 
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something .  A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams .  (J .  Barrymore)只要一个人还有追求  , 他就没有老 . 直到后悔代替了梦想  , 一个人才算老 . (巴里摩尔)
In the end  , it’s not the years in your life that count . It’s the life in your years . 到头来  , 你活了多少
I love you  ,  love can not my world without you . 我爱你  , 爱到我的世界不能没有你 . 
Any guy can love a thousand girls but only a rare guy can love one girl in a thousand ways .  任何小伙都能够爱上一千个不一样的姑娘  , 却仅有很少的小伙子能够爱一个姑娘  , 用一千种方式 . 
To be trusted is a greater pliment than to be loved . 被人信任  , 是比被人喜爱还要更大的赞许 . 
Heartbreak is a blessing from God .  It’s just his way of letting you realize he saved you from the wrong one . 心痛是上天的庇佑 . 这是上天用他的方式让你意识到他从错误的人手里将你救赎 . 
I love you  ,  have no purpose .  Just love you . 我爱你  , 没有什么目的 . 就是爱你 . 
Don't cry over the past  ,  cry to get over the past .  Don't smile to hide the pain  ,  smile to heal the pain .  别为过去而哭泣  , 用哭泣来释怀 . 别用微笑隐藏心中的痛  , 用微笑来治愈 .  
The truth is everyone is going to hurt you .  You’ve just got to find the ones worth suffering for . 事实上  , 每个人都会伤害到你 . 你只是要找个值得你甘心被TA伤的人 . 
I figure life is a gift and I don’t intend on wasting it .  You never know what hand you’re going to get dealt next .  You learn to take life as it es at you . 我觉得生命是一份礼物  , 我不想浪费它  , 你不会明白下一手牌会是什么  , 要学会理解生活 . 
It’s time to figure out who I’m supposed to be  ,  to find my place in the world . 是时候去搞清楚自我的主角  , 去找到自我在这个世界的位置了 .  
I may not be the best  ,  but I'm definitely not like the rest . 也许我不是最好的  , 但我必须是最异常的 .  
Sometimes you need to walk alone just to show that you can  . 有时候  , 有些路  , 得自我来走  , 证明自我能搞得定 . 
Patience is bitter  ,  but its fruit is sweet . 忍耐是痛苦的  , 但它的果实是甜蜜的 .  
The more you care  ,  the more you have to lose . 越在意  , 失去的就越多 .  [由Www. QunZou. Com整理]
In the end you'll see who's fake  ,  who's true and who would risk it all just for you . 到最终  , 你总会明白  , 谁是虚心假意  , 谁是真心实意  , 谁为了你不顾一切 .  
If you love someone  , make sure you tell them . 如果你爱一个人  , 必须要让她明白 .  
Live without pretending  , Love without depending  , Listen without defending  , Speak without offending . 生活要真诚  , 爱人要独立  , 倾听时不要防备  , 讲话不要冒犯别人 .  
Without you by my side  ,  I will be better off than you . 没有你在我身边  , 我会比你过得更好 .  
Life doesn't have to be perfect  ,  but to be wonderful . 人生不必完美  , 却必须精彩 .  
Maybe they didn't forget about you  ,  but they forgot to remember you .  或许他们没有忘记你  ,  只可是是忘了想起你 .  
The most hasty steps often take the most beautiful scenery . 走得最急时  , 往往错过最美的风景 . 
The biggest enemy in love is not the intruder but the time . ——在感情中  , 我们的最大敌人不是第三者  , 而是时光 . 
Don’t let your dreams be dreams . 不要让你的梦想只是想想而已 . 
It's already amazing  ,  that I even have a chance to meet you  . 我能遇见你  , 已经是很不可思议了 .  
The truth is  ,  everyone is going to hurt you .  You just got to find the ones worth suffering for . 事实是  , 每个人都可能会伤害到你 . 但你能够选择值得受伤的人 .  
Love is not about running into each other in crowds  ,  but an impossible meeting .  For example  ,  I am a bird flying in sky; you are a leopard in forest .  We just fall in love accidentally . 缘分不是人海中两个人的擦身  , 缘分是不可能的相遇 . 比如我是空中的鸟  , 你是林中的豹  , 只是我们碰巧相爱 .  
Whatever is worth doing is worth doing well . 任何值得做的  , 就把它做好 . 
Those that have gone won’t e back again .  Those ing back are no longer perfect . 过去的不再回来  , 回来的不再完美 . 
Don't forget what to do and where to go you have promised yourself  , no matter how difficult or far it is . 别忘了答应自我要做的事情  , 别忘了答应自我要去的地方  , 无论有多难  , 有多远 .  
There’s always that one special person that no matter what they’ve done to you  ,  you still just can’t let him go . 总有那么一个异常的人  , 不管他怎样对你  , 你始终没办法让他离开 .  
A goal without a plan is just a wish . ” 没有计划的目标只是一个愿望而已 . 
It’s easy to distinguish between LOVE and LIKE . If you love a flower  , you will water it while if you like it you will pick it .  爱和喜欢的区别很简单 . 如果你爱花 . 你会给它浇水  , 喜欢则会摘下它 . 
I’m tired of people who judge me without knowing my history . 我厌恶那些不了解我  , 却对我指手画脚的人 . 
The happiest people don’t have the best of everything  ,  they just make the best of everything . 最幸福的人并不是拥有最好的一切  , 只可是他们能够把一切都变成最好 .  
Don't let the past and useless details choke your existence .  别让过去和那些无用的细节阻挡了你实实在在的生活 . 
And then deep memory  ,  also has forgotten the day . 再深的记忆  , 也有淡忘的一天 .  
I'm sick and tired of trying to hide the mess that I am . 我厌倦了这样努力去掩饰心中的混乱 . 
Happiness is a way station between too much and too little . 幸福是太多和太少之间的一站 . 
Every adversity  ,  every failure  ,  every heartache carries with it the seed on an equivalent or greater benefit . 每一次不幸每一次失败每一次心痛都会孕育同样或更大的成功 .  
There is nothing on earth more beautiful to me than your smile  , no pleasure greater than holding you in my arms . 这世界上没有什么比你的笑容更美  , 没有什么比把你搂在怀里更欢乐 .  
While there is life there is hope . 一息若存  , 期望不灭 . 
Never give up on something you really want .  It's difficult to wait  ,  but worse to regret . 决不放下自我真正想要的东西 . 等待很难受  , 但后悔更煎熬 .  
Determined to be tired heartless indifference . 有心才会累  , 无心者无所谓 . 
If you aren't good enough for someone  ,  they aren't good enough for you . 如果对于别人你不是“足够好”的人  , 那么他们对于你也不是“足够好”的人 .  
Good relationship don't just happen .  . They take time  ,  patience and two people who want to be together .  好的感情不是被碰巧撞到的 . 它需要时光经营  , 耐心包容  , 还有两个人真心想要在一齐的人 .  
Be what you want to be  ,  not what others want to see . 做你自我想做的  , 而不是别人想看到的 .  
Truth is  ,  I miss you .  All the time  ,  every second  ,  every minute  ,  every hour  ,  every day . 真相是  , 我想你 . 无时无刻不想你  , 每一分  , 每一秒  , 每个小时  , 每一天 .  
My insecurities have ruined so many things . 我的不安全感毁掉了太多的东西 . 
The best decisions are made without thinking . 最好的决定  , 往往是不假思索的那一个 . 
Everything happens just in the right moment .  所有事会在适宜时机发生 . 
Cease to struggle and you cease to live .  -- Thomas Carlyle生命不止  , 奋斗不息 .  -- 卡莱尔
I am a slow walker  , but I never walk backwards .  (Abraham . Lincoln America)我走得很慢  , 可是我从来不会后退 . (亚伯拉罕 . 林肯美国)
The hard part isn’t making the decision . It’s living with it . 做出决定并不困难  , 困难的是理解决定 . 
Life is always let us was black and blue all over  ,  but afterwards  ,  the injured local will bee our most strong place .  生活总是让我们遍体鳞伤  , 但到之后  , 那些受伤的地方必须会变成我们最强壮的地方 .  
A friend in need is a friend indeed . 患难朋友才是真朋友 . 
Everybody has difficult years  ,  but a lot of times the difficult years end up being the greatest years of your whole entire life  ,  if you survive them .  - Brittany Murphy 每个人都有很艰难的岁月 . 可是大多数时候  , 那些艰难的岁月最终会变成整个生命中最精彩的日子  , 如果你挺过来的话 .  
The life between spouse should be like a pair of chopsticks:They can't be away from each other and they taste everything together . 夫妻俩过日子要像一双筷子：一是谁也离不开谁；二是什么酸甜苦辣都能在一齐尝 . 
Live in the moment . 活在当下 . 
One thing I know  , that is I know nothing . (Socrates Greek)我所明白的一件事就是我一无所知 . (苏格拉底 古希腊)
A friend is a second self . 朋友是另一个我 . 
Touch the air once again miss you breath . 用手触摸空气  , 再一次怀念你的气息 . 
There's no sentiment without being injured when living in this world . “生于这世上  , 没有一样感情不是千疮百孔的 . 
I pretend that I did not care at all  , but you know what  , my heart was almost broken . 我装作毫不在意  , 明白吗  , 我的心中是多么难受 . 
True friendship is needed to keep a certain distance .  There is distance  ,  would have respect; Have respect  ,  friendship will last forever . 真正的友谊  , 是需要坚持必须的距离的 . 有距离  , 才会有尊重；有尊重  , 友谊才会天长地久 .  
And the fear in the heart with obtained after the betrayal . 最怕在用了心之后得到的是背叛 . 
Happy  ,  stop  ,  rain  ,  you turn and later in fall . 欢乐  , 停止了  , 雨滴  , 在你转身以后落下 . 
Good day gives you joy while bad day gives you experience .  So never regret every single day of your life!完美的日子给你带来欢乐  , 阴暗的日子给你带来经验 . 所以  , 不要对生命中的任何一天怀有遗憾 . 
You cannot control what happens to you  ,  but you can control your attitude towards what happens to you . 什么事情会发生在你身上是你不能控制的  , 可是你能够控制你对待事情的态度 .  
It is amazing what you can do when you try .  当你冒险一试  , 发现原先你是能够的  , 这感觉很特帅 . 
If this is not the end if I still love you . 如果这不是结局如果我还爱你 . 
It's great to be great  , but it's greater to be human . 成为伟人固然伟大  , 但成为真正的人更加伟大 .  
Love is like playing the piano .  –first you must learn to play by the rules  ,  and then you must forget the rules and play from your heart . 谈恋爱就像弹钢琴 . 首先你得规范地去学  , 然后你必须忘掉那些规则  , 用心去弹 .  
You may be out of my sight  , but never out of my mind . 你也许已走出我的视线  , 但从未走出我的思念 . 
The worst kind of pain is when you’re smiling just to stop the tears from falling . 最痛莫过于微笑着让眼泪不要落下来 . 
Things change and friends leave .  And life doesn't stop for anybody . 事过境迁  , 物是人非  , 生命不因任何人停留 . 
Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others . 有时候  , 透过别人的眼睛才能完全看清自我 . 
My world does not need too many people to understand . 我的世界不需要太多人懂 . 
You are responsible for your own happiness .  要为你的欢乐负责的人  , 是你自我!
Love is not a maybe thing . You know when you love someone . 爱不是什么可能大概也许  , 一旦爱上了  , 自我是十分清楚的 . 
It is because of heart bottom touch that empty  ,  so he just so painful . 就是因为触碰到心底的那一点空  , 所以才会那么痛 .  
Your happy passer-by all knows  , my distressed there is no place hides . 你的幸福路人皆知  , 我的狼狈无处遁形 . 
The highest state of love is reached once you get through those insipid days .  爱的最高境界是经得起平淡的流年 . 
The colour of a sad  ,  sad haunted  ,  sadness and me pany . 泛着忧伤的色彩  , 悲伤萦绕  , 忧伤和我作伴 .  
Thinking too much of others makes you nothing in their eyes . 把别人看得太重  , 结果在别人眼里自我什么都不是 . 
My attitude will always be based on how you treat me . 我的态度由你怎样对我而决定 . 
Everyone has a sad  ,  want to hide but he who denies all confesses all . 每个人都有一段悲伤  , 想隐藏却欲盖弥彰 .  
Even though it hurts to remember our past  , I still don\'t want to forget . 尽管对过去念念不忘让人伤不起  , 但我还不想忘记我们的过去 . 
One's real value first lies in to what degree and what sense he set himself . (Einstein Germany)一个人的真正价值首先决定于他在什么程度上和在什么意义上从自我解放出来 . (爱因斯坦 德国)
I can make it through the rain .  I can stand up once again on my own . 我能够穿越云雨  , 也能够东山再起 . 
It would be great if I knew how to give you up .  如果我明白怎样放下你  , 那该多好 . 
The world without you  ,  unable to continue . 没有你的世界   , 无法继续 .  
They say a person needs justthings to be truly happy in this world  , someone to love  , something to do  , and something to hope for . 人生拥有三件事便可真正欢乐：有爱的人  , 有喜欢的事业  , 有梦想 .  
The sign of maturity is not when you start speaking big things  , But  ,  actually it is  ,  When you start understanding Small things . 成熟的标志不是会说大道理；而是你开始去理解  , 身边的小事情 .  
I started missing you as soon as we said goodbye . 刚说了再见  , 就开始想念 . 
Don't push yourself to try to be right in everything  , cause sometimes being wrong makes you a better person . 不要逼自我什么事情都要做对  , 因为有时候犯错能够让我们变得更好 .  
For you  , a thousand times over .  为你  , 千千万万遍——《追风筝的人》 
Don’t try to understand everything .  Because sometimes it is not meant to be understood .  But rather to be accepted . 不要尝试去理解所有的事情  , 有些事情不是让我们去理解而是让我们去理解 . 
High School: it may be hardannoyingawkwardirritatingetc .  but admit it  ,  you're going to miss it when it ends .  高中：可能很难过很厌恶很尴尬很恼人 .  .  . 但承认吧  , 当它结束的时候  , 你会很想念它 .  
I may not have the cutest eyes  ,  prettiest smile  ,  gorgeous face  ,  or perfect body  ,  but I do have a caring heart . 